# DesignSpace_Fragility

This repository will be used to build and test a fragility framework and entropy metrics on a mathematical Set-Based Design (SBD) Problem.  The specifics of the SBD problem are described in the "Application to New Set-Based Problem" chapter of the prospectus report at the following link: [link].  This problem is to be used as a medium to build and test a framework and metrics for assessing the fragility of relevant design spaces before committing to a proposed space reduction.  This framework will not be responsible for exploring design spaces, choosing analyses and their subsequent assumptions to run, or proposing a space reduction.  It will solely be responsible for evaluating the suitability of a reduction proposed to it by gauging how fragile that reduction makes each discipline's design space in comparison to the fragility of the design space without the reduction.  

With this comparison, the risk of a space reduction can actually be quantified.  Eventually, the framework may be expanded with this quantification of space reduction risk to perhaps establish the amount of risk a design manager should be willing to take on based on time and/or budget remaining on the project.  Furthermore, the framework may provide guided feedback on areas of a design space to explore further or on the amount that a proposed space reduction should be condensed to alleviate high-risk space reductions.  It may also be discovered that this fragility assessment should not be limited to just design spaces of convergent design approaches (like SBD), and that it may in fact be able to transfer over to the fragility of discrete variable value selections of iterative design approaches (like Point-Based Design --- PBD).  As the fragility framework grows, so too, will this README file.

